Test Case 4: Logout User
1. Launch browser
2. Navigate to url 'http://automationexercise.com'
3. Verify that home page is visible successfully
4. Click on 'Signup / Login' button
5. Verify 'Login to your account' is visible
6. Enter correct email address and password
7. Click 'login' button
8. Verify that 'Logged in as username' is visible
9. Click 'Logout' button
10. Verify that user is navigated to login page

Test Case 5: Register User with existing email
+1. Launch browser
+2. Navigate to url 'http://automationexercise.com'
+3. Verify that home page is visible successfully
+4. Click on 'Signup / Login' button
+5. Verify 'New User Signup!' is visible
+6. Enter name and already registered email address
+7. Click 'Signup' button
+8. Verify error 'Email Address already exist!' is visible

Test Case 6: Contact Us Form
+1. Launch browser
+2. Navigate to url 'http://automationexercise.com'
+3. Verify that home page is visible successfully
+4. Click on 'Contact Us' button
+5. Verify 'GET IN TOUCH' is visible
+6. Enter name, email, subject and message
7. Upload file
+8. Click 'Submit' button
+9. Click OK button
+10. Verify success message 'Success! Your details have been submitted successfully.' is visible
+11. Click 'Home' button and verify that landed to home page successfully


Test Case 11: Verify Subscription in Cart page
1. Launch browser
2. Navigate to url 'http://automationexercise.com'
3. Verify that home page is visible successfully
4. Click 'Cart' button
5. Scroll down to footer
6. Verify text 'SUBSCRIPTION'
7. Enter email address in input and click arrow button
8. Verify success message 'You have been successfully subscribed!' is visible


Test Case 13: Verify Product quantity in Cart
1. Launch browser
2. Navigate to url 'http://automationexercise.com'
3. Verify that home page is visible successfully
4. Click 'View Product' for any product on home page
5. Verify product detail is opened
6. Increase quantity to 4
7. Click 'Add to cart' button
8. Click 'View Cart' button
9. Verify that product is displayed in cart page with exact quantity



Test Case 21: Add review on product
1. Launch browser
2. Navigate to url 'http://automationexercise.com'
3. Click on 'Products' button
4. Verify user is navigated to ALL PRODUCTS page successfully
5. Click on 'View Product' button
6. Verify 'Write Your Review' is visible
7. Enter name, email and review
8. Click 'Submit' button
9. Verify success message 'Thank you for your review.'



Test Case 24: Download Invoice after purchase order
1. Launch browser
2. Navigate to url 'http://automationexercise.com'
3. Verify that home page is visible successfully
4. Add products to cart
5. Click 'Cart' button
6. Verify that cart page is displayed
7. Click Proceed To Checkout
8. Click 'Register / Login' button
9. Fill all details in Signup and create account
10. Verify 'ACCOUNT CREATED!' and click 'Continue' button
11. Verify ' Logged in as username' at top
12.Click 'Cart' button
13. Click 'Proceed To Checkout' button
14. Verify Address Details and Review Your Order
15. Enter description in comment text area and click 'Place Order'
16. Enter payment details: Name on Card, Card Number, CVC, Expiration date
17. Click 'Pay and Confirm Order' button
18. Verify success message 'Your order has been placed successfully!'
19. Click 'Download Invoice' button and verify invoice is downloaded successfully.
20. Click 'Continue' button
21. Click 'Delete Account' button
22. Verify 'ACCOUNT DELETED!' and click 'Continue' button